> Putting Humans in the Center of AI

Watched a really illuminating talk between Sebastian Thrun's interview of Fe-Fei Li about putting humans in the center of AI.

Coming from Li herself, AI is a technology that is about humans. AI therefore is not a feat of its own but rather a collective milestone of humans that should cater human values. This is really important on a couple of things:
1. People said that AI will eventually replace jobs but the truth is, AI is complementary. From self-driving cars that does not kill jobs but actually generate more jobs. Also to physicians and medical researchers that benefit from AI products to eradicate in-hospital infections and automating medical delivery without hurting medical workforce.
2. Many technologies have bigger potential to enhance and augment humans, rather than replace them.

Self driving cars - sensors and powerful algorithms
healthcare - clinicians are being helped by AI by automating medical delivery
    sensors that monitor patients and eradicate in-hospital infections.

20 - 30 - 50 years in medicine
- throughput of data
- diagnosis, treatment plan
- democratizing data for better research
- assistive technology

You should start knowing what your passion is and pursue that as early as you can.
human cognitive neuroscience

From small bayesian neural networks to ImageNet

Resilience that researchers have to have

What's wrong with AI
60 years old

AI as an interdisciplinary field
- no longer a computer science discipline, it is an iterdisciplinary field.
- humanities and social sciences

3 Founding Principles of Human Centered AI Framework
1. Betting on the future of ai technology should be more human inspired
    brain science, neuroscience, cognitive science AI
        neuralink
2. Rethink AI as a Humanities and Social Science Field, not just CS field
    econ, political science for social impact
    understand how AI impacts our life
3. Design technologies with AI that augments and enhances humans, not to replace us.
    Education, healthcare, automation and manufacturing and sustainability

